This directory contains the CUP v0.10j release in source form.  You should
find the following files and subdirectories in this release:

  README            This file.
  INSTALL.QUICK     Quick installation instruction.
  CHANGELOG         A brief overview of the changes in v0.10j
  java_cup          A subdirectory containing CUP, runtime, and test sources.
  cup_logo.gif      A logo image used by the manual.
  manual.html       A user's manual in HTML format. (OLD)
  INSTALL           A shell script to install and test the system

To get started quickly, read INSTALL.QUICK.  If you are on a Windows
platform, you might want to look in the winnt subdirectory.
For complete installation information, keep reading.

To install the release, copy the contents of this directory (if you
haven't done so already) into a "classes" directory accessible to the
java interpreter (i.e., a directory that is listed in the colon
separated list of directories in your CLASSPATH environment variable).
Note: if you have an older version of the system already accessible
from your CLASSPATH you will want to temporarily remove it to avoid
conflicts.

Once files have been copied to an appropriate location, you should be able to
both compile and test the system by executing the INSTALL shell script
(sorry, but non Unix users are still on their own).  Again, be sure that 
you have placed these sources in a directory listed in your CLASSPATH 
environment variable (or changed your CLASSPATH to include this directory).  

A manual page that explains the operation and use of the system can be found
in manual.html and from the CUP home page mentioned below.

Bug reports regarding the installation 
process or the system as a whole should be sent to
<cananian@alumni.princeton.edu> with "JavaCUP" in the subject.

The CUP home page where the latest information regarding CUP can be found 
(e.g., new releases) is:

  http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~appel/modern/java/CUP/

Enjoy,

Scott Hudson
Graphics, Visualization, and Usability Center 
Georgia Institute of Technology
	 
Last updated: 23-Jul-1999 [CSA]
